So this is a relatively smaller and simpler problem but this will give you a good idea how to build
up linear regression and there will be few challenges across my doing it.
So these are things we are going to walk out of this there's a Chinese company let's call it tech of
Chinese.
And they want to let's say enter into the U.S. market so the automobile company will want to enter into
this market by setting up their manufacturing unit there and then they want to produce the cars locally
to give the competition to the U.S. and European counterpart.
Now they have contracted an automobile concerting company to understand the factors on which the pricing
of the car DePrince specifically they want to understand a factor affecting the uprising of the car
in American market since those may be different for Chinese market specially.
The company wants to know what all the values which are going to be significant in predicting the price
of the car.
So they want to specifically figure out that of what are those factors which are going to impact the
rising column here.
And how will those Maribel's described the price of the car.
So based on various markets or whether consulting some have gathered a large data set of different type
of cost across the American market and the business goal is that you are required to model the price
of the US with the available independent partners and it will be used by the management to understand
how exactly the prices vary with the independent variable.
They can accordingly manipulate the design of the cost the business that GSX route to meet the certain
price limit for the other model will be a good way for the management to understand the pricing dynamic
in the new market.
And we also have to do some bit of repression here.
There is a valuable core that's got God's name which is going to be comprised of two but the first word
will be card as a card company.
And the second will be our car model.
For example if it is an international late Impala then Chevrolet is going to be our car company name
and Impala will be a car model.
So you need to consider only the company name as an independent variable for model building up again.
I have given you even the directionally along with it and this dataset is also available in U.S. repository.
So you can also get all that data set is this data set will be easily available outside.
And in fact you might want to see some solutions on Galgal for this Asmund so but this is a quite simple
problem.
If I compare with other problems I found that it is a drawback.
This is going to give you a good insight on leaner readership.
So that's the reason I have chosen to keep it inside this particular course.